Hello and thank you so much for watching our Rushwaya Motors video.
This is a small video about the services that we provide.
On this picture it shows a picture of a car
that was due for service
and it had to come in so we can service it.
On this picture here it shows a part of a car
that we had to replace that was damaged.
And on this picture here
it shows one of our hard working team members fixing,
a mechanic, mechanical breakdown on a car.
And then on this pictures it shows a suspension of a car
that we had to fix
And then on the following picture
it shows another team member working
on a car for services, this car was being serviced.